#summary Root page of the wiki

= Introduction =

The Unreal engine is a complex engine, designed from the start to be easily extensible. I will not describe how the engine itself work here, there is already a lot of documentation around the net doing so. This wiki will simply list reference to this documentation and talks about the project itself, difficulties encountered and other issues.


= References =
[http://wiki.beyondunreal.com/wiki/ Beyond Unreal Wiki] : Contains *a lot* of information about the unreal engine itself and file formats used by the engine.

[https://sourceforge.net/projects/utpackages UTPackages] : This is an open source project aimed at creating libraries to read unreal package contents. Sadly it's doing in Delphi (Pascal).

[http://unreal.epicgames.com/Packages.htm] : Unreal package informations directly from Epic. 

[http://www.celticwarriors.net/Website/Mirrors/Epic%20Helpfiles/ Epic Help Files Mirror] : This is a mirror I've found of the Epic help files intended to be used by the engine licensees. 

[http://icculus.org/~chunky/ut/ UT Randomness] : Another website with stuff on UT. Contains the source of UT from the CVS of the defunct Loki.

= Legal Aspect =
As I know of, there is nothing illegal in reimplementing an engine from scratch. Even if we have access to Loki's CVS, the public 4.32 UT source and even some old 4.02 sources, we will not copy code from it as this would be a copyright infringement. Even thought this could speed up the project in some ways, doing so would only result in a more error prone source code. We strongly think it's more advantageous to rewrite the hole thing, that it will lead to bigger improvements and that our knowledge of the internal working of the engine shall only be better.

We will not provide any copyrighted content ie. copies of games using the unreal engine. There is enough of good game using this engine.